Once upon a time, there lived a boy named Karan. When he was 4 years old, his father passed away. The person who took care of Karan was his mother, Shrimati. One day she fell ill and her health started to worsen. When she went to the doctor, the doctor said that she has one type of kidney cancer which can't be cured. She didn't wanted Karan to be sad. So she joined Karan to an orphanage and said, "Karan, there are many children here like you. From now onwards, they are your new fiends." Karan said innociently, "And mom you? where are you going?". Mother,"From now i will not be there to take care of you; you have to take your care on your own."
As expected, unfortunately his mother also passed away. Karan was in a religious orphanage. The care-takers in the orphanage often told religious stories from the Ramayana, Mahabharata, Gita etc. books. Karan liked the story of the two brothers 'Karan and Arjun', as his name was Karan. One day, a rich man called 'Ramnath' adopted Karan. Karan was also happy. Ramnath joined Karan in a school. From the first day only, he found a child named 'Arjun'. Karan still remembered the story of 'Karan and Arjun'. He asked Arjun to be his friend, and Arjun accepted his request. Karan told Arjun the story of 'Karan and Arjun'. Every day, their friendship grew stronger and stronger; and they became inspearable friends.
One day, Arjun invited Karan on his birthday party. When Karan was on his way to Arjun's house, he bought a red coloured toy car for Arjun has his birthday gift. Arjun had invited many of his other friends also. After Karan had joined them, all the friends celebrated Arjun's birthday with great joy. Arjun started opening all his gifts. When Arjun opened Karan's gift, he said, "I already have a car of the same colour and design, and you bought a same type of gift for me Karan. I had not expected this from you.". It hurted Karan; but he ignored the words thinking that Arjun is his friend only, and said, "So what? That might have got old. My gift might not allow you to forget your red coloured car even if you became a man!". From this point, they started fighting. But the fight went worse when Arjun said, "Just shut up! You silly orphan.". Even if Ramnath had adopted Karan, Karan hadn't forgot his actuall parents. Karan started crying and with anger in his heart, he left the party.
One day, an epidemic disease spreaded in the city Kolkata (in the city where Karan and Arjun were living). Karan and Arjun were no longer friends. As Arjun's father was a newspaper seller, Arjun's family got need of money. And the days came, when Arjun and his family had nothing even to eat also (very little to eat). Arjun's father recommended Arjun to request any of his friends to borrow them some money. Arjun almost requested all of his friends but no friend gave him money. When Karan came to know about Arjun's situation from one of his other friends, he quickly took some money from his piggy bank and some food from the kitchen, and started running towards Arjun's house forgetting Arjun's words. When Arjun saw Karan calling him and running into the house, he was shocked. Because the word "Karan" was totally erased from his mind after the day of conflict. Arjun was staring at Karan with an open mouth. Arjun's parents were standing behind Arjun and were very happy to see the both friends toghather again. 
Arjun's family accepted Karan's help and thanked Karan a lot. Rest of the thing was predictable. That Karan and Arjun became friends again. Not only Karan and Arjun, but the parents of both the family also became good friends and helped each other in difficult times.
MORAL: The tongue has no bones, but is strong enough to break a heart. Be carefull with your words. I consider Arjun as a lucky child as only a few people agree to help anyone after their heart being broken from them.